callable and runnable
Thread pool
single vs fixed thread in thread pool
service discory
Arrays.asList vs new ArrayList()

collision in hashmpa
binding in oracle

load and get in hibernate
aggregation & compostion
first level * second cahce  in hibernate
eager and lazy
cascade
submit vs execute in executor


Interviewer : Vinoth and sindhu
1. List of integers given. Remove duplicates. 
2. type inference and generics
3. given string array and print distinct char
4. how security implemented in spring boot
5. transaction
6. @Primary
7. what are the repositories other than jparepositories
8. Fetch type
9. static factory class
10. Factory class
11. session and session factory
12. how to manage the session life cycle
13. trigger and when to set the trigger
14. types of trigger
15. cluster and non cluster index
16. embedable and embedded
17. transaction in oracle
18. criteria queries
19. how to check query performance in hibernate
20. have u worked with threads and what it is implemented 
21. Internationalization
22. reentrant lock
23. synchronization
Linux:
how to remove directory and sub folder
how to change file permission
how to copy file
Dev ops and AWS -> how it is implemented in my old project and what is our role




sayali interview questions:

slow pointer
faster pointer

madhav mital


completable fucntion interface

========================

interview question asked in the group

What is Automic Variable
what is metaspace?
How to customize start up banner in spring boot
@Type annotation
what are Logging vulnerabilities

 different types of cascade
execute, submit, invokeany, invokeall in executor service
Some common functional interface types present in the java.util.function package
Tell Some Major Reasons to Choose Spring Boot For Microservices Development


java, java 8, hibernate, rdms, 

oracle


venkat, 

linux

docker file, push, 

kubernates

Given Unsorted Array, find min and max value
hard link v/s symbolic link
how to change the file permission
transaction steps
what happens if the session object is not closed
After closing the session, can we add any changes to the same session
How do confirm if transaction is secured
how are we handling transaction overhead
how to handle the heavy traffic to the database
how to create connection thread pool in java (database connectivity)
@Primary
@Value 
Githook
Rebase
code Review github
managing multiple releases at the same time on git
Executor, ExecutorService, thread pool
Spring cloud (GCP and AWS basics)
Linux commands
generic -create static method which takes two array type arguments and return set of same type data
spring security
access restriction to specific API request
Design patterns used in you application (Explain proxy)
List based collection time complexity and hash based collection time complexity
How to safely shutdown the executor service
How do you handle the exception in the task submitted to the executor, which part of the code need to be surrounded by try catch block
producer and consumer lock synchronization, for which method you use the synchronized block
spring boot exception handling
which task does you pass with the executor service. Does Runnable throw exception
submit and execute method of Executor service
How to increase database performance with huge data
what does mapToObj do. What is it's use
what is the use of Enum in java. Can we have constructor for Enum and will it be a public or private constructor
How does it work when we use annotations in java
How to create custom annotation in java
How to achieve internationalization in spring
can we use sql and nosql database together in the application
Find all the distinct characters from a list of strings.
Java generics 



